Copyright 2023

[couchbase-sdk-net : core-dp1]


Components: 

Common.Logging 3.3.1 : Apache License 2.0
Common.Logging 3.4.0-Alpha2 : Apache License 2.0
Common.Logging.Core 3.3.1 : Apache License 2.0
JamesNK/Newtonsoft.Json 8.0.3 : MIT License
JamesNK/Newtonsoft.Json 9.0.1 : MIT License
Microsoft.CSharp 4.0.1 : Microsoft .NET Library License
NETStandard.Library 1.6.0 : Microsoft .NET Library License
System.Globalization.Extensions 4.0.1 : Microsoft .NET Library License
System.Net.Http 4.1.0 : Microsoft .NET Library License
System.Net.NameResolution 4.0.0 : Microsoft .NET Library License
System.Net.Primitives 4.0.11 : Microsoft .NET Library License
System.Net.Security 4.0.0 : Microsoft .NET Framework EULA
System.Net.Sockets 4.1.0 : Microsoft .NET Library License
System.Reflection.TypeExtensions 4.1.0 : Microsoft .NET Library License
System.Runtime.Serialization.Primitives 4.1.1 : Microsoft .NET Library License
System.Threading.Tasks.Parallel 4.0.1 : Microsoft .NET Framework 1.1 License
System.Threading.Thread 4.0.0 : Microsoft .NET Library License

Licenses: 

Apache License 2.0
(Common.Logging 3.3.1, Common.Logging 3.4.0-Alpha2, Common.Logging.Core 3.3.1)

Apache License
Version 2.0, January 2004
=========================


http://www.apache.org/licenses/

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

1. Definitions.

"License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction, and
distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.

"Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by the copyright
owner that is granting the License.

"Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all other entities
that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity.
For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or
indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by
contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

"You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity exercising permissions
granted by this License.

"Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications, including
but not limited to software source code, documentation source, and configuration
files.

"Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical transformation or
translation of a Source form, including but not limited to compiled object code,
generated documentation, and conversions to other media types.

"Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or Object form, made
available under the License, as indicated by a copyright notice that is included
in or attached to the work (an example is provided in the Appendix below).

"Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object form, that is
based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the editorial revisions,
annotations, elaborations, or other modifications represent, as a whole, an
original work of authorship. For the purposes of this License, Derivative Works
shall not include works that remain separable from, or merely link (or bind by
name) to the interfaces of, the Work and Derivative Works thereof.

"Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including the original version
of the Work and any modifications or additions to that Work or Derivative Works
thereof, that is intentionally submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by
the copyright owner or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on
behalf of the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted"
means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to the
Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to communication on
electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking systems
that are managed by, or on behalf of, the Licensor for the purpose of discussing
and improving the Work, but excluding communication that is conspicuously marked
or otherwise designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a
Contribution."

"Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity on behalf of
whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and subsequently incorporated
within the Work.

2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide,
non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to
reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of, publicly display, publicly perform,
sublicense, and distribute the Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object
form.

3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License,
each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive,
no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent
license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise
transfer the Work, where such license applies only to those patent claims
licensable by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their
Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s) with the Work to
which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You institute patent litigation
against any entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit)
alleging that the Work or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes
direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted to
You under this License for that Work shall terminate as of the date such
litigation is filed.

4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the Work or
Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without modifications, and in
Source or Object form, provided that You meet the following conditions:

  a. You must give any other recipients of the Work or Derivative Works a copy of
    this License; and

  b. You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices stating that
    You changed the files; and

  c. You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works that You
    distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and attribution notices from
    the Source form of the Work, excluding those notices that do not pertain to
    any part of the Derivative Works; and

  d. If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its distribution, then
    any Derivative Works that You distribute must include a readable copy of the
    attribution notices contained within such NOTICE file, excluding those
    notices that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least
    one of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed as part of
    the Derivative Works; within the Source form or documentation, if provided
    along with the Derivative Works; or, within a display generated by the
    Derivative Works, if and wherever such third-party notices normally appear.
    The contents of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and do
    not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution notices within
    Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside or as an addendum to the
    NOTICE text from the Work, provided that such additional attribution notices
    cannot be construed as modifying the License.

You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and may provide
additional or different license terms and conditions for use, reproduction, or
distribution of Your modifications, or for any such Derivative Works as a whole,
provided Your use, reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies
with the conditions stated in this License.

5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise, any
Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work by You to the
Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of this License, without any
additional terms or conditions. Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall
supersede or modify the terms of any separate license agreement you may have
executed with Licensor regarding such Contributions.

6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade names,
trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor, except as required
for reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of the Work and
reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in
writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each Contributor provides its
Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND,
either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or
conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the
appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any risks
associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.

8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory, whether in
tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, unless required by
applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly negligent acts) or agreed to in
writing, shall any Contributor be liable to You for damages, including any
direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages of any character
arising as a result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the
Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage,
computer failure or malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or
losses), even if such Contributor has been advised of the possibility of such
damages.

9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing the Work or
Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer, and charge a fee for,
acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity, or other liability obligations and/or
rights consistent with this License. However, in accepting such obligations, You
may act only on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf of
any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold each
Contributor harmless for any liability incurred by, or claims asserted against,
such Contributor by reason of your accepting any such warranty or additional
liability.

END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work

To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following boilerplate
notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]" replaced with your own
identifying information. (Don't include the brackets!) The text should be
enclosed in the appropriate comment syntax for the file format. We also recommend
that a file or class name and description of purpose be included on the same
"printed page" as the copyright notice for easier identification within
third-party archives.

  Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner] Licensed under the Apache License,
  Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by applicable law
  or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is
  distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language
  governing permissions and limitations under the License.

---

MIT License
(JamesNK/Newtonsoft.Json 8.0.3)

Copyright (c) 2007 James Newton-King

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this
software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software
without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify,
merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies
or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE
OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE

---

MIT License
(JamesNK/Newtonsoft.Json 9.0.1)

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2007 James Newton-King

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE

---

Microsoft .NET Framework 1.1 License
(System.Threading.Tasks.Parallel 4.0.1)

Microsoft .NET Framework 1.1 Redistributable EULA
=================================================

IMPORTANT: READ CAREFULLY - These Microsoft Corporation ("Microsoft") operating
system components, including any "online" or electronic documentation ("OS
Components") are subject to the terms and conditions of the agreement under which
you have licensed the applicable Microsoft operating system product described
below (each an "End User License Agreement" or "EULA") and the terms and
conditions of this Supplemental EULA. BY INSTALLING, COPYING OR OTHERWISE USING
THE OS COMPONENTS, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE
APPLICABLE OPERATING SYSTEM PRODUCT EULA AND THIS SUPPLEMENTAL EULA. IF YOU DO
NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, DO NOT INSTALL, COPY OR USE THE OS
COMPONENTS.

NOTE: IF YOU DO NOT HAVE A VALIDLY LICENSED COPY OF ANY VERSION OR EDITION OF
MICROSOFT WINDOWS 95, WINDOWS 98, WINDOWS NT 4.0 WINDOWS 2000 OPERATING SYSTEM OR
ANY MICROSOFT OPERATING SYSTEM THAT IS A SUCCESSOR TO ANY OF THOSE OPERATING
SYSTEMS (each an "OS Product"), YOU ARE NOT AUTHORIZED TO INSTALL, COPY OR
OTHERWISE USE THE OS COMPONENTS AND YOU HAVE NO RIGHTS UNDER THIS SUPPLEMENTAL
EULA.

Capitalized terms used in this Supplemental EULA and not otherwise defined herein
shall have the meanings assigned to them in the applicable OS Product EULA.

General. Each of the OS Components available from this site is identified as
being applicable to one or more of the OS Products. The applicable OS Components
are provided to you by Microsoft to update, supplement, or replace existing
functionality of the applicable OS Product. Microsoft grants you a license to use
the applicable OS Components under the terms and conditions of the EULA for the
applicable OS Product (which are hereby incorporated by reference except as set
forth below), the terms and conditions set forth in this Supplemental EULA, and
the terms and conditions of any additional end user license agreement that may
accompany the individual OS Components (each an "Individual EULA"), provided that
you comply with all such terms and conditions. To the extent that there is a
conflict among any of these terms and conditions applicable to the OS Components,
the following hierarchy shall apply:

  1.  the terms and conditions of the Individual EULA;

  2.  the terms and conditions in this Supplemental EULA; and

  3.  the terms and conditions of the applicable OS Product EULA.


Additional Rights and Limitations.
----------------------------------

  * If you have multiple validly licensed copies of any OS Product, you may
    reproduce, install and use one copy of the applicable OS Components as part
    of the applicable OS Product on all of your computers running validly
    licensed copies of the applicable OS Product, provided that you use such
    additional copies of such OS Components in accordance with the terms and
    conditions above. For each validly licensed copy of the applicable OS
    Product, you also may reproduce one additional copy of the applicable OS
    Components solely for archival purposes or reinstallation of the OS
    Components on the same computer as the OS Components were previously
    installed. Microsoft retains all right, title and interest in and to the OS
    Components. All rights not expressly granted are reserved by Microsoft.

  * If you are installing the OS Components on behalf of an organization other
    than your own, prior to installing any of the OS Components, you must confirm
    that the end-user (whether an individual or a single entity) has received,
    read and accepted these terms and conditions.

  * The OS Components may contain technology that enables applications to be
    shared between two or more computers, even if an application is installed on
    only one of the computers. You may use this technology with all Microsoft
    application products for multi-party conferences. For non-Microsoft
    applications, you should consult the accompanying license agreement or
    contact the licensor to determine whether application sharing is permitted by
    the licensor.

  * You may conduct internal benchmark testing of the .NET Framework component of
    the OS Components (".NET Component"). You may disclose the results of any
    benchmark test of the .NET Component, provided that you comply with the
    following terms:

      1.  you must disclose all the information necessary for replication of the
        tests, including complete and accurate details of your benchmark testing
        methodology, the test scripts/cases, tuning parameters applied, hardware
        and software platforms tested, the name and version number of any third
        party testing tool used to conduct the testing, and complete source code
        for the benchmark suite/harness that is developed by or for you and used
        to test both the .NET Component and the competing implementation(s);

      2.  you must disclose the date(s) that you conducted the benchmark tests,
        along with specific version information for all Microsoft software
        products tested, including the .NET Component;

      3.  your benchmark testing was performed using all performance tuning and
        best practice guidance set forth in the product documentation and/or on
        Microsoft's support web sites, and uses the latest updates, patches and
        fixes available for the .NET Component and the relevant Microsoft
        operating system;

      4.  it shall be sufficient if you make the disclosures provided for above
        at a publicly available location such as a website, so long as every
        public disclosure of the results of your benchmark test expressly
        identifies the public site containing all required disclosures; and

      5.  nothing in this provision shall be deemed to waive any other right that
        you may have to conduct benchmark testing.


    The foregoing obligations shall not apply to your disclosure of the results
    of any customized benchmark test of the .NET Component, whereby such
    disclosure is made under confidentiality in conjunction with a bid request by
    a prospective customer, such customer's application(s) are specifically
    tested and the results are only disclosed to such specific customer.
    Notwithstanding any other agreement you may have with Microsoft, if you
    disclose such benchmark test results, Microsoft shall have the right to
    disclose the results of benchmark tests it conducts of your products that
    compete with the .NET Component, provided it complies with the same
    conditions above.

IF THE APPLICABLE OS PRODUCT WAS LICENSED TO YOU BY MICROSOFT OR ANY OF ITS
WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES, THE LIMITED WARRANTY (IF ANY) INCLUDED IN THE
APPLICABLE OS PRODUCT EULA APPLIES TO THE APPLICABLE OS COMPONENTS PROVIDED THE
APPLICABLE OS COMPONENTS HAVE BEEN LICENSED BY YOU WITHIN THE TERM OF THE LIMITED
WARRANTY IN THE APPLICABLE OS PRODUCT EULA. HOWEVER, THIS SUPPLEMENTAL EULA DOES
NOT EXTEND THE TIME PERIOD FOR WHICH THE LIMITED WARRANTY IS PROVIDED.

IF THE APPLICABLE OS PRODUCT WAS LICENSED TO YOU BY AN ENTITY OTHER THAN
MICROSOFT OR ANY OF ITS WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES, MICROSOFT DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE APPLICABLE OS COMPONENTS AS FOLLOWS:

DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW,
MICROSOFT AND ITS SUPPLIERS PROVIDE TO YOU THE OS COMPONENTS, AND ANY (IF ANY)
SUPPORT SERVICES RELATED TO THE OS COMPONENTS ("SUPPORT SERVICES") AS IS AND WITH
ALL FAULTS; AND MICROSOFT AND ITS SUPPLIERS HEREBY DISCLAIM WITH RESPECT TO THE
OS COMPONENTS AND SUPPORT SERVICES ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, WHETHER
EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY (IF ANY)
WARRANTIES, DUTIES OR CONDITIONS OF OR RELATED TO: MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, LACK OF VIRUSES, ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF RESPONSES,
RESULTS, WORKMANLIKE EFFORT AND LACK OF NEGLIGENCE. ALSO THERE IS NO WARRANTY,
DUTY OR CONDITION OF TITLE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, QUIET POSSESSION, CORRESPONDENCE TO
DESCRIPTION OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. THE ENTIRE RISK ARISING OUT OF USE OR
PERFORMANCE OF THE OS COMPONENTS AND ANY SUPPORT SERVICES REMAINS WITH YOU.

EXCLUSION OF INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL AND CERTAIN OTHER DAMAGES. TO THE MAXIMUM
EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL MICROSOFT OR ITS SUPPLIERS
BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR: LOSS OF PROFITS,
LOSS OF CONFIDENTIAL OR OTHER INFORMATION, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, PERSONAL
INJURY, LOSS OF PRIVACY, FAILURE TO MEET ANY DUTY (INCLUDING OF GOOD FAITH OR OF
REASONABLE CARE), NEGLIGENCE, AND ANY OTHER PECUNIARY OR OTHER LOSS WHATSOEVER)
ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE OS
COMPONENTS OR THE SUPPORT SERVICES, OR THE PROVISION OF OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE
SUPPORT SERVICES, OR OTHERWISE UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY PROVISION OF THIS
SUPPLEMENTAL EULA, EVEN IF MICROSOFT OR ANY SUPPLIER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND REMEDIES. NOTWITHSTANDING ANY DAMAGES THAT YOU MIGHT
INCUR FOR ANY REASON WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL DAMAGES
REFERENCED ABOVE AND ALL DIRECT OR GENERAL DAMAGES), THE ENTIRE LIABILITY OF
MICROSOFT AND ANY OF ITS SUPPLIERS UNDER ANY PROVISION OF THIS SUPPLEMENTAL EULA
AND YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR ALL OF THE FOREGOING SHALL BE LIMITED TO ACTUAL
DAMAGES INCURRED BY YOU BASED ON REASONABLE RELIANCE UP TO THE GREATER OF THE
AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU FOR THE OS COMPONENTS OR U.S.$5.00. THE FOREGOING
LIMITATIONS, EXCLUSIONS AND DISCLAIMERS SHALL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT
PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EVEN IF ANY REMEDY FAILS ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

---

Microsoft .NET Framework EULA
(System.Net.Security 4.0.0)

MICROSOFT SOFTWARE SUPPLEMENTAL LICENSE TERMS
.NET FRAMEWORK AND ASSOCIATED LANGUAGE PACKS FOR MICROSOFT WINDOWS OPERATING
SYSTEM
============================================================================

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Microsoft Corporation (or based on where you live, one of its affiliates)
licenses this supplement to you. If you are licensed to use Microsoft Windows
operating system software (the “software”), you may use this supplement. You may
not use it if you do not have a license for the software. You may use this
supplement with each validly licensed copy of the software.

The following license terms describe additional use terms for this supplement.
These terms and the license terms for the software apply to your use of the
supplement. If there is a conflict, these supplemental license terms apply.

By using this supplement, you accept these terms. If you do not accept them, do
not use this supplement.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

If you comply with these license terms, you have the rights below.

  1. DISTRIBUTABLE CODE. The supplement is comprised of Distributable Code.
    “Distributable Code” is code that you are permitted to distribute in programs
    you develop if you comply with the terms below.

      a. Right to Use and Distribute.

          * You may copy and distribute the object code form of the supplement.

          * Third Party Distribution. You may permit distributors of your
            programs to copy and distribute the Distributable Code as part of
            those programs.

  2. Distribution Requirements. For any Distributable Code you distribute, you
    must

      * add significant primary functionality to it in your programs;

      * for any Distributable Code having a filename extension of .lib,
        distribute only the results of running such Distributable Code through a
        linker with your program;

      * distribute Distributable Code included in a setup program only as part of
        that setup program without modification;

      * require distributors and external end users to agree to terms that
        protect it at least as much as this agreement;

      * display your valid copyright notice on your programs; and

      * indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Microsoft from any claims, including
        attorneys’ fees, related to the distribution or use of your programs.

  3. Distribution Restrictions. You may not

      * alter any copyright, trademark or patent notice in the Distributable
        Code;

      * use Microsoft’s trademarks in your programs’ names or in a way that
        suggests your programs come from or are endorsed by Microsoft;

      * distribute Distributable Code to run on a platform other than the Windows
        platform;

      * include Distributable Code in malicious, deceptive or unlawful programs;
        or

      * modify or distribute the source code of any Distributable Code so that
        any part of it becomes subject to an Excluded License. An Excluded
        License is one that requires, as a condition of use, modification or
        distribution, that

          * the code be disclosed or distributed in source code form; or

          * others have the right to modify it.

  * SUPPORT SERVICES FOR SUPPLEMENT. Microsoft provides support services for this
    software as described at www.support.microsoft.com/common/international.aspx.

---

Microsoft .NET Library License
(Microsoft.CSharp 4.0.1, NETStandard.Library 1.6.0, System.Globalization.Extensions 4.0.1, System.Net.Http 4.1.0, System.Net.NameResolution 4.0.0, System.Net.Primitives 4.0.11, System.Net.Sockets 4.1.0, System.Reflection.TypeExtensions 4.1.0, System.Runtime.Serialization.Primitives 4.1.1, System.Threading.Thread 4.0.0)

MICROSOFT SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS
MICROSOFT .NET LIBRARY
================================

These license terms are an agreement between Microsoft Corporation (or based on
where you live, one of its affiliates) and you. Please read them. They apply to
the software named above, which includes the media on which you received it, if
any. The terms also apply to any Microsoft

  *  updates,

  *  supplements,

  *  Internet-based services, and

  *  support services

for this software, unless other terms accompany those items. If so, those terms
apply.

BY USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THEM, DO NOT
USE THE SOFTWARE.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

IF YOU COMPLY WITH THESE LICENSE TERMS, YOU HAVE THE PERPETUAL RIGHTS BELOW.

  1. INSTALLATION AND USE RIGHTS.

      a. Installation and Use.  You may install and use any number of copies of
        the software to design, develop and test your programs. You may modify,
        copy, distribute or deploy any .js files contained in the software as
        part of your programs.

      b. Third Party Programs.  The software may include third party programs
        that Microsoft, not the third party, licenses to you under this
        agreement. Notices, if any, for the third party program are included for
        your information only.

  2. ADDITIONAL LICENSING REQUIREMENTS AND/OR USE RIGHTS.

      a. DISTRIBUTABLE CODE.  In addition to the .js files described above, the
        software is comprised of Distributable Code. "Distributable Code" is code
        that you are permitted to distribute in programs you develop if you
        comply with the terms below.

          i. Right to Use and Distribute.

              *  You may copy and distribute the object code form of the
                software.

              *  Third Party Distribution. You may permit distributors of your
                programs to copy and distribute the Distributable Code as part of
                those programs.

      b. Distribution Requirements.  For any Distributable Code you distribute,
        you must

          *  use the Distributable Code in your programs and not as a standalone
            distribution;

          *  require distributors and external end users to agree to terms that
            protect it at least as much as this agreement;

          *  display your valid copyright notice on your programs; and

          * indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Microsoft from any claims,
            including attorneys' fees, related to the distribution or use of your
            programs.

      c. Distribution Restrictions.  You may not

          *  alter any copyright, trademark or patent notice in the Distributable
            Code;

          * use Microsoft's trademarks in your programs' names or in a way that
            suggests your programs come from or are endorsed by Microsoft;

          *  include Distributable Code in malicious, deceptive or unlawful
            programs; or

          *  modify or distribute the source code of any Distributable Code so
            that any part of it becomes subject to an Excluded License. An
            Excluded License is one that requires, as a condition of use,
            modification or distribution, that

              *  the code be disclosed or distributed in source code form; or

              *  others have the right to modify it.

  * SCOPE OF LICENSE.  The software is licensed, not sold. This agreement only
    gives you some rights to use the software. Microsoft reserves all other
    rights. Unless applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation,
    you may use the software only as expressly permitted in this agreement. In
    doing so, you must comply with any technical limitations in the software that
    only allow you to use it in certain ways. You may not

      *  work around any technical limitations in the software;

      * reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software, except and only
        to the extent that applicable law expressly permits, despite this
        limitation;

      *  publish the software for others to copy;

      *  rent, lease or lend the software; or

      *  transfer the software or this agreement to any third party.

  * BACKUP COPY.  You may make one backup copy of the software. You may use it
    only to reinstall the software.

  * DOCUMENTATION.  Any person that has valid access to your computer or internal
    network may copy and use the documentation for your internal, reference
    purposes.

  * EXPORT RESTRICTIONS.  The software is subject to United States export laws
    and regulations. You must comply with all domestic and international export
    laws and regulations that apply to the software. These laws include
    restrictions on destinations, end users and end use. For additional
    information, see www.microsoft.com/exporting

  * SUPPORT SERVICES.  Because this software is "as is," we may not provide
    support services for it.

  * ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  This agreement, and the terms for supplements, updates,
    Internet-based services and support services that you use, are the entire
    agreement for the software and support services.

  * APPLICABLE LAW.

      a. United States.  If you acquired the software in the United States,
        Washington state law governs the interpretation of this agreement and
        applies to claims for breach of it, regardless of conflict of laws
        principles. The laws of the state where you live govern all other claims,
        including claims under state consumer protection laws, unfair competition
        laws, and in tort.

      b. Outside the United States.  If you acquired the software in any other
        country, the laws of that country apply.

  * LEGAL EFFECT.  This agreement describes certain legal rights. You may have
    other rights under the laws of your country. You may also have rights with
    respect to the party from whom you acquired the software. This agreement does
    not change your rights under the laws of your country if the laws of your
    country do not permit it to do so.

  * DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY.  THE SOFTWARE IS LICENSED "AS-IS." YOU BEAR THE RISK
    OF USING IT. MICROSOFT GIVES NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES OR CONDITIONS.
    YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL CONSUMER RIGHTS OR STATUTORY GUARANTEES UNDER YOUR
    LOCAL LAWS WHICH THIS AGREEMENT CANNOT CHANGE. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER
    YOUR LOCAL LAWS, MICROSOFT EXCLUDES THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
    MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.

    FOR AUSTRALIA – YOU HAVE STATUTORY GUARANTEES UNDER THE AUSTRALIAN CONSUMER
    LAW AND NOTHING IN THESE TERMS IS INTENDED TO AFFECT THOSE RIGHTS.

  *  LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF REMEDIES AND DAMAGES.  YOU CAN RECOVER FROM
    MICROSOFT AND ITS SUPPLIERS ONLY DIRECT DAMAGES UP TO U.S. $5.00. YOU CANNOT
    RECOVER ANY OTHER DAMAGES, INCLUDING CONSEQUENTIAL, LOST PROFITS, SPECIAL,
    INDIRECT OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES.

    This limitation applies to

      *  anything related to the software, services, content (including code) on
        third party Internet sites, or third party programs; and

      * claims for breach of contract, breach of warranty, guarantee or
        condition, strict liability, negligence, or other tort to the extent
        permitted by applicable law.

    It also applies even if Microsoft knew or should have known about the
    possibility of the damages. The above limitation or exclusion may not apply
    to you because your country may not allow the exclusion or limitation of
    incidental, consequential or other damages. Please note: As this software is
    distributed in Quebec, Canada, some of the clauses in this agreement are
    provided below in French.

    Remarque : Ce logiciel étant distribué au Québec, Canada, certaines des
    clauses dans ce contrat sont fournies ci-dessous en français.

    EXONÉRATION DE GARANTIE.  Le logiciel visé par une licence est offert « tel
    quel ». Toute utilisation de ce logiciel est à votre seule risque et péril.
    Microsoft n'accorde aucune autre garantie expresse. Vous pouvez bénéficier de
    droits additionnels en vertu du droit local sur la protection des
    consommateurs, que ce contrat ne peut modifier. La ou elles sont permises par
    le droit locale, les garanties implicites de qualité marchande, d'adéquation
    à un usage particulier et d'absence de contrefaçon sont exclues.

    LIMITATION DES DOMMAGES-INTÉRÊTS ET EXCLUSION DE RESPONSABILITÉ POUR LES
    DOMMAGES.  Vous pouvez obtenir de Microsoft et de ses fournisseurs une
    indemnisation en cas de dommages directs uniquement à hauteur de 5,00 $ US.
    Vous ne pouvez prétendre àaucune indemnisation pour les autres dommages, y
    compris les dommages spéciaux, indirects ou accessoires et pertes de
    bénéfices.

    Cette limitation concerne :

      *  tout ce qui est relié au logiciel, aux services ou au contenu (y compris
        le code) figurant sur des sites Internet tiers ou dans des programmes
        tiers ; et

      *  les réclamations au titre de violation de contrat ou de garantie, ou au
        titre de responsabilité stricte, de négligence ou d'une autre faute dans
        la limite autorisée par la loi en vigueur.

    Elle s'applique également, même si Microsoft connaissait ou devrait connaître
    l'éventualité d'un tel dommage. Si votre pays n'autorise pas l'exclusion ou
    la limitation de responsabilité pour les dommages indirects, accessoires ou
    de quelque nature que ce soit, il se peut que la limitation ou l'exclusion
    ci-dessus ne s'appliquera pas à votre égard.

    EFFET JURIDIQUE.  Le présent contrat décrit certains droits juridiques. Vous
    pourriez avoir d'autres droits prévus par les lois de votre pays. Le présent
    contrat ne modifie pas les droits que vous confèrent les lois de votre pays
    si celles-ci ne le permettent pas.

